iOS READMEs - Maps (#852)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Map reference scale/README.md

## How to use the sample

> When the app starts, tap the "Settings" button. Tap the "Reference Scale" row, and use the picker to set the map's reference scale (1:500,000 1:250,000 1:100,000 1:50,000). Then tap the "Set to Reference Scale" button to set the map scale to the reference scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the sample and tap the "Settings" button. Tap the "Reference Scale" row, and use the picker to set the map's reference scale (1:500,000 1:250,000 1:100,000 1:50,000). Then tap the "Set to Reference Scale" button to set the map scale to the reference scale.
```
